Fixes #7469 - Updates Test-Connection (#7474)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.0/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md

Specifies the names of the computers where the ping originates. Enter a comma-separated list of
computer names. The default is the local computer.

> [!NOTE]

> > This parameter is not functional in PowerShell versions 6 and up. Supplying this parameter will
> > throw an error.

Reviewer: Changed the wording to "supported" and fix future tense.

```suggestion
> This parameter is not supported in PowerShell versions 6 and up. Supplying this parameter
> causes an error.
```
